Hi Rea,

I've created more visualisations to show the sphere fitting positions/root
files. I've uploaded the results to OneDrive because they're big overall - I'll
share the link.

It should contain (the first two of these in a zip file):

1. Individual file projections (for FCA3, FCA1 and Landsberg). These now have
   annotations showing where the sphere fit is (with another slight change,
   more below).
2. Composites images, one per root showing all of the sphere fit positions (but
   without the other information). This gives an overview of how well the
   fitting's working.
3. An example TIF stack (you should be able to open this with Fiji/ImageJ) that
   shows cell centroids (red) and fitted sphere positions (yellow) as spherical
   shells merged with the FLC-Venus channel, for FCA3 root 5.

The file projections now use a z plane for each cell corresponding to the
center of the fitted sphere, rather than the cell centroid. This will make
them look slightly different, though not massively so.

The projections/composites don't show the z position of the sphere very
effectively, that's why I tried creating the composite stack. I only created
this for one root because it was fiddle - if it's useful I can work out how to
automate it, but it only makes sense to do this if the visualisation helps :-)

Some thoughts:

1. There spheres might be too big. They're about the right size for most cells,
but for any that are too small, it definitely messes up the measurement.

2. The fits generally look ok, with a few odd exceptions. There aren't as many
that fit around the cell edges as I'd expected. However, looking again through
the files, I think some files (particularly epidermal ones) end up with a lot
more bleed through from the PI channel and have some high signal areas that
aren't nuclei.

3. It's still hard to see what's going on in the z plane. I'll look at ways
to visualise cross sections when I get time, but files on the bottom of the
root definitely look like they cause more problems.

4. Correcting for a fit partially outside the cell tends to amplify the 
problems from 2., I think. I might look if there's some easy way to constrain
the fit to lie either entirely in the cell, or over a certain percentage.

Best,

Matthew